Update MASTG tools phrasing (#3196)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: Document/0x08a-Testing-Tools.md

title: Testing Tools
---

??? info "About the tools listed below"

    The OWASP MASTG includes many tools to assist you in executing test cases, allowing you to perform static analysis, dynamic analysis, network interception, etc. These tools are intended to help you perform your own assessments, rather than provide a conclusive result on the security status of an app. It's important to review the output of these tools carefully, as it can contain both false positives and false negatives.

    These tools have been tested to work when added, but compatibility may vary depending on your OS version, the device you're testing, or whether you're using a rooted or jailbroken device. Tool functionality may also be affected by specific versions of the rooting/jailbreaking method or the tool itself. OWASP MASTG does not guarantee the functionality of the tools. If you encounter problems, try to search for solutions online or contact the tool owner (e.g. via GitHub Issues).

>     If you think a tool should be added, please check our [contribution guidelines](../../contributing.md#can-my-tool-be-added).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before proposing a new tool via GitHub Issues/Pull Requests, please check our [contribution guidelines](../../contributing.md#contributing-with-tools).
```

>     Before proposing a new tool via GitHub Issues/Pull Requests, please check our [contribution guidelines](../../contributing.md#contributing-with-tools).

Reviewer: Update Link

Author: Good spot!

    - Open-source
    - Free to use
    - Capable of analyzing recent Android/iOS applications

>     - Regularly updated or stable by nature

Reviewer: To avoid maintaining this text in 2 places, maybe you can extract it from here and leave a link to "Can my tool be added" in the contributing file.
